as I decided to do a video I haven't
done a video in a while and Robin and
Joe Redcorn told me I should put a video
up got a couple first for the year so
far here and my first one here is hope
you can see this or not but see if I can
pick it up I'm saying 1854 seated
halftime it's kind of hard to see in
this light
why my camera's not zooming into good
but these are my fines for today I'm at
nine silver so far for the year on two
hunts but I ended up with 44 Walker the
07 Barbara quarter a 41 merica 42 mirka
48 Rosie of 52 Rosie in the 1854 seat at
halftime I got a gold plated silver ring
mens ring here the stones missing out at
the top of it why this camera keeps Zuma
not but uh and I also ended up with 10
Wheaties but that was my hunt for today
like I said that puts me at number nine
I found two silvers the other day with
one detecting the birds video if you
watch that oh good luck out there happy
hunting hope you stay warm I don't know
I don't put many videos up anymore had a
bunch of negative comments and stuff
last time on my videos get a couple guys
that that I know are leaving thumbs down
and you know nasty comments so now maybe
I'll just ignore it all this year and
just keep on going my total last year
ended up at 505 and you know I a lot of
it was on detecting the burdens videos
cuz I'd rather just you know I was at
the point I'd rather just point them on
air and somebody else's I'm trying to
see if i can get this half time in for
you guys that's about as clear as I'm
gonna get it let me see here flip it
over you guys can get a look at the
front something about the light here I
don't know what it is
mmm there you go guys nope puts me at
nine pretty years of war good luck out
there and happy hunting like I said stay
tuned